## Hello Clearpath Team!

Thank you for putting down the robots for a few minutes to consider this application, just as I have put them down to write this. Clearpath has an awesome reputation among my Co-Workers at OSRF and my peers at WPI, and I would be thrilled to join your team this summer as an intern. I'm most interested and experienced in simulation and robot software architecture, but I'm also excited to learn about other areas like vision and motion planning. Clearpath is exciting to me because it represents a step in a different direction. My research and work experience has been very theoretical, with soft deadlines and a strong focus on the learning experience. As I continue to work on Gazebo, WPILib, and other open source robotics projects I find myself wondering how these skills and practices are applied to a commercial product. Clearpath seems to blur the line, by combining both a focus for R&D and a mission to transform industry through automation.

I've spent the last year working on a project called FRCSim, sponsored by OSRF and WPI. The goal is to enable high school students participating in FIRST robotics to not only build and write robot code, but also test their design and programming in simulation using Gazebo. Anyone with experience in simulation will understand just how difficult that is--High school students are not your average super-user. Joining this project was similar to surfing with a skateboard, or trying to solder with a flame thrower. There are endless challenges presented, ranging from targeting inexperienced users, to developing cross-platform, multi-language, multi-architecture programs and tools, to the delivery and testing. I've learned so much about writing portable code, managing a complex build system, and understanding and documenting for various kinds of users. I would like to share that same struggle and enthusiasm with Clearpath.

If you're interested, or would like to know more, it's best to contact me via email at mitranopeter@gmail.com

I hope to hear from you soon,
-Peter Mitrano
