## Hello Rethink Team!

Thank you for putting down the robots for a few minutes to consider this application, just as I have put them down to write this. Rethink has an awesome reputation among my Co-Workers at OSRF and other friends in Industry, and I would be thrilled to join your team this summer as an intern. I'm most interested and experienced in simulation and robot software architecture, but I'm also excited to learn about other areas like vision and motion planning. Rethink is exciting to me because it would be a step in a different direction. My research and work experience has been very theoretical, with soft deadlines and a strong focus on gaining experience. As I continue to work on Gazebo and other open source robotics projects I find myself wondering how these skills and practices are applied to a commercial product. Rethink seeems to blur the line, by combining both a focus for R&D and a mission to transform industry through automation.

I've spent the last year working on a project called FRCSim, a joint effort by OSRF and WPI. The goal is to enable high school students participating in FIRST robotics to not only build and write robot code, but also test their design and programming in simulation using Gazebo. Anyone with experience in simulation will understand just how difficult that is--High school students are inexperience and impatient. Joining the Gazebo team at OSRF was a challenge, like learning to solder with a flame thrower. The FRCSim project presets endless challenges, ranging from targeting inexperienced users, to developing cross-platform, multi-language, multi-architecture programs and tools, to the delivery and testing. I've learned so much about writing portable code, managing a complex build system, and understanding and managing a deployment cycle. I would like to share that same struggle and enthusiasm with Rethink!

If you're interested, or would like to know more, it's best to contact me via email at mitranopeter@gmail.com

I hope to hear from you soon,
-Peter Mitrano
