## Hello Uber!

Thank you for putting down the robots for a few minutes to consider this application, just as I have put them down to write this. Uber has an awesome reputation among my friends and coworkers, and I would be thrilled to join your team this summer as an intern. I'm most interested and experienced in simulation and robot software architecture, but I'm also excited to learn more about machine learning. Uber is exciting to me because it would be a step in a different direction. My research and work experience has been very theoretical, with soft deadlines and a strong focus on gaining experience. As I continue to work on Gazebo and other open source robotics projects I find myself wondering how these skills and practices are applied to a commercial product. Uber seems to blur the line, by combining both a hunger for bleeding-edge technology and a mission to transform the transportation industry.

My two most recent work experiences are what I think will help me succeed at Uber. First, I spent a year working on a project called FRCSim, a joint effort by the Open Source Robotics Foundation (OSRF) and WPI. The goal is to enable high school students participating in FIRST robotics to not only build and write robot code, but also test their design and programming in simulation using Gazebo. Joining the Gazebo team at OSRF was like learning to solder with a flame thrower, but I am now an expert in gazebo and very experienced with ROS. Second, I spent this past summer doing research at Georgia Tech under Dr Sonia Chernova. I am interested in the intersection of machine learning and robot navigation, and worked with a omni-directional indoor robot on how to learn from navigation mistakes. I am now intimately familiar with both the ROS navigation stack, and some of the theory behind localization, mapping, and planning. In particular, I worked with several search and learning-from-demonstration techniques.

At Uber, I would prefer a research-oriented internship if possible. I plan to pursue a PhD in robotics and machine learning, and I know I could learn so much from the researchers and engineers at Uber.

I hope to hear from you soon,
-Peter Mitrano
